What is javascript?
JavaScript is a programming language that is used to convert static web pages 
into interactive and dynamic web pages.
staically and Dynamically
--------------------------
staically- typed language tested a variable type at compile-time.
Dynamically- typed language check variables type at runtime
* js is dynamically typed language.
there is no type assigned to variable in js.
but Any data types can be stored as a variable in a variable.
What id Data types?
--------------------
A data types determine the types of values that can be store a variable.
primiative data types:- (Number, String, boolean, Undefined, null)
primiavtive data types are immutable which means that cann't be changed or
modifyy once they are created.
They can be hold single value.

Non-primivate data types:- Object, array
Non-primivate data can hold multiplay value and methods.
Non-primivate data are mutable & their can be changed.
Non-primivate data are complex data types.

HOistING?
---------
histing is the deafault behaivoius whrersas all the function and variiable 
declared are moved on the top.
means variables declared of the undefined & 
function declared of the function..

PROMISES
----------
porimise are useful in doing operation and handled the reults .
when the result will be avaliabl infuture.
proimse can be in one three states 
(resloved, rejected pending)

ASynchromoue operations
Asynchonse ooperations are opertions that do not block the excute of the code.
settime is the synchrous function which excutes callbackes ofter specfic peroid of time.

CLASS & Object 
--------------
Class is a template for creating object with simliar properties and methods
Object are intsance of a class which are creating using the new keywords.

==,===
both are comparison operators
 the differnce bwteen both the operations is that 
== is uded to compare value,
=== is udes compare value & type.

For of & for in
Array iterate karene ke liye used (for.of) ka use krte hai.
ex-Array, string

for.in
kisi bhi object properties ko iterate krne ke liye used kate hai.

ForEach ye kuch bhi return nhi karta hai.

 var, let, const
------------------
variable can be re-decled & update. this is a global scope variable
let Variable cannot be re-declaed but can be update .it is block scope varible.
cont variavle cannot be re-decaled or update this is a block scope variable.


let	         
The scope of a let variable is block scope
It can be updated but cannot be re-declared in the same scope.
It can be declared without initialization.
These variables are hoisted but stay in the temporal dead zone untill the initialization.
It cannot be accessed without initialization otherwise it will give ‘referenceError’.

Const 
The scope of a const variable is block scope.
It can neither be updated or re-declared in any scope.
It can neither be updated or re-declared in any scope.
It cannot be declared without initialization.
These variables are hoisted but stays in the temporal dead zone until the initialization.
It cannot be accessed without initialization, as it cannot be declared without initialization.

NAN = Not a Number value it indicates a value that is not a legal number.

Callback
-----------
= callbacks function is a fumction that is passed as an argments to anther function.
HIGER oder function
which tasks another function argments

LOCAL Scope & GLOBAL
---------------------
-Variable declered inside a function have local variable.
which means they can be only be accessed within the function not outside.
-Varibll decled outside any function have global scope.
which means that can be assed from any where a programme.

THIS.Keyword
In js refers to the obbject in normal function.
'this' keyword refers to the object that is currently executing or calling the function

IIF=
Immediately invoked function expression.
aaysa function immated invkoed ho rha ho.
on th spot invoked ho rha ho.

CLOSER
Inner function outer properties ko access kar sakta hai.
likin outer properties inner function ke properties ko access nhi kar sakta hai.

call()
Apply()
Bind()

 
